Mr. Xu, I advise you to avoid opening the vault
I only worked with you because of Miss Xia Zhu
Today, this woman has offended Miss Xia Zhu
I'm bound to take this ill breath for him
You deceive people
Bullying a woman
Aren't you afraid of your sister gossiping?
You don't have to worry about that.
Xia Zhu
Is my guest
And my benefactor
If you don't kneel today
The cooperation between me and Xi Shao is hereby terminated
Xi Shao
Western Han City
I thought the person you liked would be Xiangjun
I didn't expect your taste to be so poor.
I believe that sooner or later you will be dragged down by him
West Shao West Shao
Save me, you said you would be responsible for me.
Xi Shao Xiaodu
He doesn't have to go
Our cooperation went to waste
Xi Hancheng, are you crazy?
People who want to cooperate with my Governor Xuanyuan
That's no chance to squeeze your head
You gave up for this woman
Xia Bai and he are my women who study Han Cheng
I owed him five years ago
It is right to protect him
This Woman
Even Miss Xia Zhu can't compare with a finger
Only men like you hold cow dung
Now I'm blind
The next humiliation I suffered today
I feel that I will double it and give it back to you.
Why is Barbie protecting that woman again?
What's there to be disappointed about?
It's not his first time
Turns out he found Mommy's file
No wonder he was suddenly so nice to Mommy
He keeps hurting mommy
I can't let him recognize Mommy
Daughter-in-law, the hospital just said they made a mistake.
Miss Xia's is not a production record.
Just a medical record for the common cold
Wrong.
How do you do things?
Scum, stay away from our family